README.md, before:

```
                                 _       _____ _   _ ______ 
                                | |     /  ___| \ | || ___ \
  ___ ___  _ __ ___  _ __  _   _| |_ ___\ `--.|  \| || |_/ /
 / __/ _ \| '_ ` _ \| '_ \| | | | __/ _ \`--. \ . ` ||    / 
| (_| (_) | | | | | | |_) | |_| | ||  __/\__/ / |\  || |\ \ 
 \___\___/|_| |_| |_| .__/ \__,_|\__\___\____/\_| \_/\_| \_|
                    | |                                     
                    |_|    
```
Python script used for making 2D or 3D ROIs.

These ROIs can be used for computing SNR from MRI image.

Input .nii.gz file must have same number of rows and columns, otherwise
script will not work!

Optional arguments:

    -shiftx : Shift of the ROIs in X axis from the image borders.
    -shifty : Shift of the ROIs in Y axis from the image borders.
    -shiftunits : Shift units in pixels (pix) or percentage (per).
    -size : Size of ROIs in X and Y axis in pixels.
    -filter : Filter method, 'max', 'iqr', 'None'.
    -visualise : Visualisation of created ROI. 0 - do not visualise, 1 - visualise'
    -outpath : Path for saving NIfTI file with created ROIs.

### Usage

1. Install

```shell
$ git clone https://github.com/Razerino/computeSNR.git
```

2. Navigate to cloned folder with script

```shell
$ cd ~/<usr>/<directory>/
```

3. Create `venv` and install requirements

```shell
$ python3 -m venv venv

$ source venv/bin/activate

$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

4. Run the script:

```shell
$ python3 create_noise_ROIs.py -i /home/<user>/sub-001_T1w.nii.gz
```

You can show help for script by typing:

```shell
$ python3 create_noise_ROIs.py -h
```

Commit message:

Removed 90 degrees mask rotation, remade script so ROIs are created in all corners without rotating now

README.md, after:

```
                                 _       _____ _   _ ______ 
                                | |     /  ___| \ | || ___ \
  ___ ___  _ __ ___  _ __  _   _| |_ ___\ `--.|  \| || |_/ /
 / __/ _ \| '_ ` _ \| '_ \| | | | __/ _ \`--. \ . ` ||    / 
| (_| (_) | | | | | | |_) | |_| | ||  __/\__/ / |\  || |\ \ 
 \___\___/|_| |_| |_| .__/ \__,_|\__\___\____/\_| \_/\_| \_|
                    | |                                     
                    |_|    
```
Python script used for making 2D or 3D ROIs.

These ROIs can be used for computing SNR from MRI image.

NEW VERSION: It is now possible to create ROIs on non-square images!

Optional arguments:

    -shiftx : Shift of the ROIs in X axis from the image borders.
    -shifty : Shift of the ROIs in Y axis from the image borders.
    -shiftunits : Shift units in pixels (pix) or percentage (per).
    -size : Size of ROIs in X and Y axis in pixels.
    -filter : Filter method, 'max', 'iqr', 'None'.
    -visualise : Visualisation of created ROI. 0 - do not visualise, 1 - visualise'
    -outpath : Path for saving NIfTI file with created ROIs.

### Usage

1. Install

```shell
$ git clone https://github.com/Razerino/computeSNR.git
```

2. Navigate to cloned folder with script

```shell
$ cd ~/<usr>/<directory>/
```

3. Create `venv` and install requirements

```shell
$ python3 -m venv venv

$ source venv/bin/activate

$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

4. Run the script:

```shell
$ python3 create_noise_ROIs.py -i /home/<user>/sub-001_T1w.nii.gz
```

You can show help for script by typing:

```shell
$ python3 create_noise_ROIs.py -h
```
